[WIP] feat: Integrate ocp-base with SLZ (#253)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone: README.md

    Select **All Identity and Access enabled services** when you assign access to the group.

> ### Steps to prevent Destroy and recreation of cluster.

Reviewer: If in it's own file, the title would probably be something like
`Updating to another version of the Red Hat OpenShift pattern`

> 1. Prior to `terraform plan` and `terraform apply`. Edit `moved_config.tf`

Reviewer: Before jumping into the steps, users will need some brief explanation of what these steps accomplish for them. Something like,

`You can update to a new version of the Red Hat OpenShift pattern without destroying your cluster.`

> 2. Add the following lines to the terraform file.

Reviewer: which file, `/patterns/roks/main.tf`?

Author: It could depend, it can be the /patterns/roks/main.tf or maybe the /examples/one-vsi-one-roks/main.tf

  ```
  moved {
    from = ibm_container_vpc_cluster.cluster["<workload_cluster_name>"]
    to   = module.cluster["<workload_cluster_name>"].ibm_container_vpc_cluster.cluster[0]
  }
  moved {
    from = ibm_container_vpc_cluster.cluster["<management_cluster_name>"]
    to   = module.cluster["<management_cluster_name>"].ibm_container_vpc_cluster.cluster[0]
  }
  ```

> 3. Make sure to replace the `<workload_cluster_name>` with the actual workload cluster name. Similarly `<management_cluster_name>` with the management cluster name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Where `<workload_cluster_name>` and `<management_cluster_name>` are your workload cluster and management cluster names.
```

4. Go ahead with `terraform plan` and `terraform apply`.

> #### Alternative approach using terraform cli:

Reviewer: Because there are alternatives, I suggest you list them after the opening description. Something like, 

Choose the method that matches how you work with the module: 
- Modify the Terraform code
- Use the Terraform CLI
- Use Schematics

Modify this so that it makes sense though.

3. Run `terraform init` to initialize newly added resources.
4. For each element in the list:
```
terraform state mv 'module.landing_zone.ibm_container_vpc_cluster.cluster["<cluster name>"]' 'module.landing_zone.module.cluster["<cluster name>"].ibm_container_vpc_cluster.cluster[0]'
```
5. Run `terraform apply` to apply the changes to the infrastructure without re-creating cluster.

6. (Optional) If you have additional worker pools other than the default pool. You will need to move them as well to prevent destroy and recreate. Similiar to the previous steps run the following.
```
1. terraform state list | grep "ibm_container_vpc_worker_pool.pool"
module.landing_zone.ibm_container_vpc_worker_pool.pool["debug-ocp-workload-cluster-logging-worker-pool"]

2. Seperate the cluster name and the worker pool name. For example:
cluster_name : debug-ocp-workload-cluster
worker_pool_name : logging-worker-pool

3. For each element in the list, Run the following:
terraform state mv 'module.landing_zone.ibm_container_vpc_worker_pool.pool["<cluster_name>-<worker_pool_name>"]' 'module.landing_zone.module.cluster["<cluster_name>"].ibm_container_vpc_worker_pool.pool["<worker_pool_name>"]'

> ```

Reviewer 2: These steps are only going to be applicable for users upgrading the roks pattern from version A -> B, so putting them in the main readme may cause confusion. Perhaps they need to go into their own .md file (maybe in the .docs folder) and then a link to them included in the release notes for the new version.

Also we need to mention something about schematics users.

Reviewer: I agree with Conall about putting this in its own file and linking.

> ```

Reviewer: If it's a set of commands to run, introduce each (or the set), but don't put numbers with the commands. Like, 

1. Get the list of Terraform state files by running this command: 
    ```tf
    terraform state list | grep "ibm_container_vpc_worker_pool.pool" module.landing_zone.ibm_container_vpc_worker_pool.pool["debug-ocp-workload-cluster-logging-worker-pool"]
    ```

1.  Locate the cluster and worker pool names. (not sure why you're doing this. can you provide more context?)
1.  Run the following command for each element in the list

You can create as many `iks` or `openshift` clusters and worker pools on VPC. For `ROKS` clusters, make sure to enable public gateways to allow your cluster to correctly provision ingress application load balancers.

> NOTE: The cluster created will have a single worker pool with worker nodes distributed across 3 different subnet each in a different availability zone.

Reviewer: - Will everyone understand why this is important? 
- Does this belong with HPCS?

Also, I'm not sure that it needs a `Note`. I think it could be just a paragraph.

Author: This is no longer the case. This statement can be removed.
